W-17895292-isalpha description 2.4 dm (#523)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dw-strings-functions-isalpha.adoc

[[isalpha1]]
== isAlpha&#40;text: String&#41;: Boolean

> Checks if the `text` contains only Unicode digits. This excludes digits, punctuation, and other non-letter characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the `text` contains only Unicode digits. This excludes digits, punctuation, and other nonletter characters.
```
